hi I'm Dana lash here at CPAC 2010 with
PJ TV and next to me is the man that
everyone knows Newt Gingrich speaker
Gingrich thanks so much for taking the
time to walk with us he just gave a
great speech and I wanted to ask you
what a the this the Tea Party movement
and the GOP and I had an in full and
full admission disclosure here I was one
of the people who was a little bit
critical during the whole DD Scozzafava
situation but I like how you extended an
olive branch to the Tea Party movement
and you attempted to sort of reconcile
you erased all of the ill-will which I
appreciate with that it seems you're the
GOP and the tea parties I think can work
together we're seeing out here at CPAC
what is your perception I think they can
but there's a strength to the Tea
Party's its extends beyond the
Republicans first of all because it's a
citizen movement is a genuinely sincere
uprising of people who are really mad
about big government and second because
tea parties can reach into Democratic
districts where no Republican will
compete and tea parties can start
recruiting candidates who are Democrats
to run as fiscal conservatives to run
for some lower taxes smaller budgets
less corruption and I think the tea
parties in that sense are natural allies
of the Republicans but they're not
identical with them and I think that we
would lose something if tea parties just
became a wing of the Republican Party I
think there's something fresh and
original and exciting about having this
genuinely try partisan movement of
Republicans Democrats independents all
coming together because of fear about
their children's future given big
government absolutely I've always
referred to the Tea Party movement is
like the unattached conscience of the
GOP so to speak how do you see them
working together 2010 2012 well I think
with Republicans it again this does the
father thing was an honest and
legitimate example if the Republicans
nominate somebody who is totally
unacceptable to kind of a big problem
any Republican candidate would be wise
to reach out to and work with tea
parties in their district learn from
them listen to them and form an alliance
with them
you